♪♪
♪ Welcome to my wicked world,
wicked world ♪
Wait! So you're telling me
I could play a sport
where I get rewarded
for stealing a base?
I swear on my mother's coat.
Ugh, I cannot believe this is
what I've been reduced to.
Daah!
What are you doing here?
Following you.
You're up to no good,
and I want in.
Okay, Freddie,
it's not even like, evil.
You'd be way bored.
Jacking a limo,
sneaking onto
the Isle of the Lost,
stealing a jewel!
(laughs) Let's do this!
You were not
just following me,
you were listening, too!
Guilty.
Just can't trust us VKs.
GPS voice:
Approaching destination.
Protective dome disengaged.
Mal:
(sigh)
Home, freak home.
Now, where do we start?
My dad hid things
for just about everyone.
Even for the worst
of the worst.
That is my mom.
Okay, so we get in,
find that jewel,
and get out
before anyone sees us.
Sounds like a plan.
Let the searching begin!
♪ ♪
Ew! Monkey hair.
-(gasps)
-(Mal laughs)
(Freddie laughs)
-Ugh!
-Uh... sorry.
No jewel in here.
Ooh, I like this.
(laughs)
Any luck?
Nah... you?
Nah.
Cool.
-Ta-da!
(laughs)
-Whoa!
Okay.
Aah!
-Ahh...
-Wha... whoa,
whoa, whoa!
Woo!
(giggling)
Do you think your dad's
gonna notice we were here?
-Nah.
-(both laughing)
Sorry you didn't
find your jewel, Mal.
But here. This lucky necklace
is all yours.
From me to you.
Oh. Thanks, Freddie.
Guess we'd better
head back.
(sighs)
Yeah.
Huh?
(laughs evilly)